This course is best suited for a data scientist,
data analyst, or data engineer yearning to apply their skills towards product management,
or product manager that just wants to become more data-driven in their decision-making,
or just anyone who's eager to learn about
the fundamentals of data product management through hands-on projects.
The recommended prerequisites for this course
are: a foundational or basic knowledge of SQL,
and a foundational knowledge of Tableau,
or any drag-and-drop Business Intelligence tool,
like but not limited to Mode Analytics,
Periscope Data, Looker, Qlick Sense, or Spotfire